to airport a large number of foreign
tourists yesterday joined our long
queues at phuket international airport
to check them for their flights there
are Airlines now from direct from pre-k
to overseas destinations like Singapore
Germany's from for Malaysia Hong Kong
Sweden and Australia with my flights
from today after planes could take off
from so water from airport last night
the Phuket authority joined towns with
the tourism structures and Tourism
Authority of Thailand to assist to us by
establishing an Information Center on
the second floor of the airport terminal
foreign passengers inquired about
bookings and updates of the situation as
son said most information from the media
wasn't I the church police also had
their foreign volunteers to assist
foreign tourists they can speak English
French German and Russian such a fahan
with any the TT director of Phuket
tarragon and the news about the latest
situation for passengers who cannot go
to or from Bangkok accounting for around
four hundred people per day he stated
that affected tourists can stay in free
accommodation under the condition that
their cars do not exceed 2000 back per
day for any excess truest must be
responsible and pay themselves to us can
only change the place of accommodation
that has been arranged by the tile hotel
association or th a low reimbursement
chose I required to submit the following
a copy of their passport in which they
have signed and certified as a true copy
a copy of their earth ticket and Thor
and hotel bill
ensign very much about the authorities
for stopping in Phuket and shrubbery
nearby so we set up the one-stop service
for the Tories at the airport right now
so we have to select island of class we
have tourists who get association we
have hotel southern part Association but
together with the airport and italian
national right now try to show the
problem and then let me do we bring the
print on chin my landing at them whoo
kid but with the power to pick up or to
see the poor out to Han come to Tokyo
and from for Sydney so to take them out
to go home at a court and then for the
tourists
Sierra program if you stuck with that
this be patient and then go back to to
your hotel I send out information to
rebel hotel that is except two thousand
are four full baths three meals a day
and send the invoice to tourism Thailand
and now sorry to the theatre association
in to get and then we did your passport
video a plane ticket and with the
inverse of the fortieth and the hotel we
don't have to pay anything there so the
Taliban you take care of that well 2,000
a day after this a maximum where they
call the separation from the hotel in
the government anti citizen do you think
these assistants can go uncle
interior the airport up red give up to
the money situation I think they will
take care of that meanwhile the director
of the Phuket land transport office some
point oh so wet said about 40 buses are
departing to trek to Dan every day
and five buses are prepared to serve
passengers from printed airport to
Bangkok and you too pal every day the
service 800 watt per person on whether
had the Immigration Bureau have stated
that for any toast his visa has expired
since November 26 so the Bangkok
airports reopen there will be no penalty
or charge for overstay from the
Immigration Bureau however tourists must
show the original tickets to avoid being
charged we're at moulton carpenter MBE
the British honorary consul in Phuket
and from animal news that if any British
citizens and fruit tart require
assistance due to the airport closure in
Bangkok they should telephone the
British Embassy in Bangkok and this
number 0 to 30 58 333 again that's 0 to
30 58 333 or in case of emergency please
telephone him on his number 0 8 9 8 7 4
90 80 again that 0 8 9 8 7 4 90 80 for
more information regarding travel
advisories please refer to the British
Embassy website at HTTP corn fluid for
sarcoid / UK in Thailand dot fco govt UK
/n the preferred airport statistic still
show a five percent increase for
passengers this year with increasing
flights during the Bangkok closure the
airport's of Thailand public company
limited which manages crisil
International Airport has informed been
in the news about
latest statistics for january to october
two thousand eight they showed a total
of thirty 1802 aircraft movements down
three point two five percent from the
same months in 2007 especially due to
sharp drops in august and sep tember of
about twenty eight and twenty three
percent respectively due to the airport
blockages by PhD protesters however the
total numbers of arriving departing in
transit passengers in the first ten
months of the year was four million
eight hundred eight thousand six hundred
fifty eight showing an increase of four
point seventy two percent compared to
the same months in 2007 and despite
drops of fourteen and twenty one percent
in august and sep tember but the
cumulative figures are still the highest
ever enters at phuket the total freak
showed 15,000 138 tons and then out a
two point seventy percent increase it
remains to be seen what effect the
latest bangkok airport closures will
have on profits figures but several
airlines like thai airways international
silk air air asia firefly premiere and
Qantas are now increasing their flights
here to evacuate stranded passengers or
bring new passengers in